# Terms of Service
Last Updated: December 22, 2021
These Terms of Service (this “Agreement”) is between you and App Zone Technology PLC. (“Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App” “we,” “us,” or “our”). By using our mobile application available on Android and iOS devices (each, our “App”), and/or other services we provide (collectively, the “Services”) you agree to be bound by this Agreement.  If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement, you may not use the Services. Your use of, or participation in, certain Services may be subject to additional terms which will be presented to you when you access those Services.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- __Affiliate__ means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- __Application__ means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App


- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to App Zone Technology PLC, 22 Golagul, Addis Ababa.



- __Country__ refers to:  Ethiopia

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.


- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.




- __Service__ refers to the Application.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
	

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

# Our Commitment To You
At Fkir Tera, your privacy is a top priority. Your privacy is at the core of the way we design and build the services and products you know and love, so that you can fully trust them and focus on building meaningful connections.

We appreciate that you put your trust in us when you provide us with your information and we do not take this lightly.

We do not compromise with your privacy. We design all of our products and services with your privacy in mind. We involve experts from various fields, including legal, security, engineering, product design and others to make sure that no decision is taken without respect for your privacy.

We strive to be transparent in the way we process your data. Because we use many of the same online services you do, we know that insufficient information and overly complicated language are common issues in privacy policies. We take the exact opposite approach: we have written our Privacy Policy and related documents in plain language. We actually want you to read our policies and understand our privacy practices!

We work hard to keep your information secure We have teams dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure. We constantly update our security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information.

## 1. Some initial things we want to make clear. 
  - You must be at least 18 to use the Services. <br/>
  ○ You must be truthful in what you put in your Account. <br/>
  ○ We do not conduct background checks or verify the identity of our Users. <br/>
  ○ We do not guarantee anything about the Services, including the actions of our Users. We do not guarantee matches, the frequency of your matches, that you will be compatible     with those you match with, or that the people you match with are safe people to meet. You must exercise your own diligence and caution in using the Services and             communicating with its Users. <br/>
  ○ You have a right in some states to cancel this Agreement within 3 business days of registering for a premium account and receive a refund of any payments to us if you do so <br/>
  ○ Lastly, by using the Services, you are agreeing (with limited exception) to resolve any dispute between you and us through binding, individual arbitration, rather than in    court. 

## 2. Eligibility
 ○ You must be at least 18, or older if your jurisdiction requires.You must be at least 18 years old (or, if the age of majority is higher than 18 in your jurisdiction, then    the age of majority in your jurisdiction) create an Account and use the Services. By creating an Account and/or using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are    at least 18 years old (or the minimum age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater).
 ○ You must be unattached and available.You may only use the Services if you are willing and capable of entering into a new romantic relationship and do not have an   established monogamous romantic partner (“Unattached”).

## 3. Use of the Service
 ○ Creating an Account on Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App.In order to use Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App, you must create an account with us (an “Account”) by providing your  phone number. <br/>
 ○ Your Account is only for you.You may only access and use your Account in accordance with this Agreement and for your personal use to find and communicate with potential   dating partners. You may not authorize others to access or use your Account, and you may not assign or otherwise transfer your Account to any other person or entity. You  acknowledge that we are not responsible from any third party access to your Account. <br/>
 ○ Accessing the Services from outside the United States.Using the Service may be prohibited or restricted in certain countries. If you use the Service from outside of the United States, you are fully responsible for complying with the laws and regulations of the territory from which you access or use the Services. <br>
 ○ You are responsible for any content you submit.You are solely responsible for, and assume all liability regarding, any information and content you provide or otherwise make available on the Services, including the text and images in your profile and in your communications with other Users (“User Content”). <br/>
 ○ No contact information in your profile.You agree not to post any contact information such as your phone number in the body of your profile.
 
 ## 4. Changes to Agreement or Services
 We may update this Agreement at any time, in our sole discretion. If we do so, we’ll let you know either by posting the updated Agreement on App or through other communications. It’s important that you review the Agreement whenever we update them or you use the Services. If you continue to use the Services after we have posted an updated Agreement, you are agreeing to be bound by the updated Agreement. If you don’t agree to be bound by the updated Agreement, then, you may not use the Services anymore. Because our Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.
 
 ## 5. General Prohibitions
You agree not to do any of the following:
○ Post, upload, or transmit any User Content that (i) is threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, false, misleading, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of offensively suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language or confidential, non-public information about any third party; (ii) is threatening, vulgar, offensive, or pornographic; promotes or threatens violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence; (iii) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (iv) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (v) infringes, misappropriates, or violates a third party’s trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, moral rights or other proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (vi) contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising or commercial communications (such as spam or multi-level marketing); (vii) impersonates any person or entity, including any Fkir tera employees or representatives; or (vii) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances; <br/>
○ Collect User Content, personally-identifiable information or any other information, or otherwise access the Services, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, scrapers, or other means); <br/>
○ Advertise any product or service, including any engagement in multi-level marketing or “pyramid schemes” on the Services; <br/>
○ Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Services; <br/>
○ Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing our trademarks, logos, URLs or product names without our express written consent; <br/>
○ Use the Services, or any portion thereof, for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by this Agreement; <br/>
○ Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; <br/>
○ Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Services; <br/>
○ Attempt in any way to obtain the login information of or otherwise access an Account belonging to someone else; <br/>
○ Bully, intimidate, or harass any User; <br/>
○ Use, display, mirror or frame the Services or any individual element within the Services, our name, any Fkir tera trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without our express written consent; <br/>
○ Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; <br/>
○ Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.

Although we’re not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or to review or edit any User Content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with this Agreement and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any part of the Services, including any User Content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any of the foregoing to be objectionable or in violation of this Agreement. We have the right to investigate violations of this Agreement or conduct that affects the Services. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities, including by sharing any User Content, as requested by law enforcement or as we, in our sole discretion, deem necessary to protect the safety or wellbeing of our Users or any other person.

## 6. Content Ownership
○ Your license to us of User Content. By submitting any User Content, you (i) represent and warrant that you have all the appropriate rights and permission (including getting permission from others in photos you provide) to provide such User Content to us, and (ii) grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any such User Content in connection with operating and providing the Services to you and other Users, for marketing and internal research purposes, and for external research purposes (for external research, any information will be provided in anonymized and aggregated form). You also represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor your use and provision of your User Content to be made available through the Services, nor any use of your User Content by us on or through the Services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation. <br/>
○ Deleting your User Content. You may delete your User Content via the functionality of the Services. However, you understand that removed User Content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others). <br/>
○ Our ownership. We do not claim any ownership rights in any User Content and nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Content. Subject to the foregoing, We and our licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including all associated intellectual property rights. You acknowledge that the Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services. <br/>
○ Our license to you. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, we grant to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download, view, and, display the content made available on the Services solely in connection with your permitted use of the Services and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.

## 7. Feedback
We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services (“Feedback”). You can submit Feedback by submitting feedback in our app.  You grant to us a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.

# Privacy Policy
## Last Updated: December 22, 2021
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the information collected by App Zone Technology PLC, (“we,” “us,” or “our”), how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. By using our mobile apps, and/or other services we provide (collectively, “Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App”), you agree to the practices set forth in this Privacy Policy.

it goes without saying, we can’t help you develop meaningful connections without some information about you, such as basic profile details and the types of people you’d like to meet. Information you give us

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- First name and last name
- Phone number
- Gender
- Password
- Religion
- Martial Status
- Hobbies
- Photos
- Job
- Birth Date
- Height
- Weight
- Age Preference
- Relationship Preference

## How we collect data:
### Data collected automatically:
When you use Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App, we automatically collect and store certain information about your computer or mobile device and your activities. We may use this and other information described in this Privacy Policy to infer information, such as your interests.
This information includes:
– Geolocation. With your permission, your mobile device’s geographic location (GPS) when you first register for Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App through our mobile app or when you enable location services within the app.

### Data you choose to provide:
Information You Provide to Us. When you register with certain Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App, you must provide certain information, including your username, password, religion, job, birthday, hobbies, height, weight, birth date, gender, age preference and Relationship preference. We will also ask you to upload photos for your profile and may collect any information (including location metadata and inferred characterizations or data) contained in these files. You may provide additional information about yourself (such as your school, occupation, current city, etc.) in order to build your Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App profile. You may also provide “special categories of personal data” under applicable law, such as your race, ethnicity, religion, philosophical or political views, and information relating to your sex life or sexual orientation.  By affirmatively providing Fkir Tera with this information, you explicitly consent to our use of it for the purpose of fine tuning your match criteria with other bagels. Any information that you provide in the non-personal identifiable section of your profile will be viewable by your match. When using Fkir Tera, you may also provide payment information (where required for the purpose of payment). We collect and process your messages with other users as part of the operation of Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App.

## Sharing Your Data
The information we collect is used to provide and improve the content and the quality of Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App, and without your consent we will not otherwise share your personal information to/with any other parties except: (a) to provide Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating, (b) when we have your permission

Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App does not sell personal information to third parties. Fkir tera|ፍቅር ተራ Dating App does permit third parties to collect the personal information described above through our service and shares personal information with third parties for business purposes as described in this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to providing advertising outside of our service based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices (so-called “interest-based advertising”). The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Policy.

## Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- __To manage Your Account:__ to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- __To provide You__ with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
- __To manage Your requests:__ To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
- __With other users:__ when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

# Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:


- By email: appzonetechnologyplc20142021@gmail.com
- By phone number: +251945109917
